README.md, before:

# mini-app-projects:
> A collection of mini app projects that I've completed through a course.

## 1. Birthday-Reminder
![Birth-Reminder](https://i.ibb.co/J5nS8JY/birthday-reminder.png)
> a simple app that remind user the upcoming birthdays!
* see this app in action: https://tester-reminderbirthday.netlify.app/

## 2. Tours
![Tours](https://i.ibb.co/dkYy7yc/tour.png)
>a simple travel guide tool ...
* see this app in action: https://tester-tour.netlify.app

## 3. Previews
![Previews](https://i.ibb.co/4RP2WQn/reviews.png)
>...click back and forward buttons to show the next candidate's profile. *minor bug with the container
* see this app in action: https://tester-reviews.netlify.app

## 4. Accordion
![Accordion](https://i.ibb.co/rwfSFbq/accordion.png)
>...show and hide texts.
* see this app in action: https://tester-accordion.netlify.app

## 5. Menu
![Menu](https://i.ibb.co/L8wyVtM/menu.png)
>
* see this app in action: https://tester-menu.netlify.app/

## 6. Tabs
![Tabs](https://i.ibb.co/ygcybXS/tabs.png)
>
* see this app in action: https://tester-tabs.netlify.app

## 7. Slider
![Slider](https://i.ibb.co/pQZSLgc/reviews-slider.png)
>
* see this app in action: https://tester-sliderv2.netlify.app/

## 8. Lorem Ipsum Generator
![Lorem-Ipsum](https://i.ibb.co/yFH1451/lorem-ipsum.png)
* see this app in action: https://tester-dummytext-generator.netlify.app/

> Pointers: <br>
    1. slice <br>
    2. min/max if statement


## 9. Color Tint/Shades Generator
![Color-Generator](https://i.ibb.co/mHBWFPn/color-tints-shades.png)
* see this app in action: https://tester-tintnshades-generator.netlify.app

> Pointers: <br>
    1. npm package -> "values.js" <br>
    2. navigator.clipboard.writeText(value);

## 10. Grocery Buddy
![grocery-bud](https://i.ibb.co/3MFMYsH/grocery-buddy.png)
* see this app in action: https://tester-grocery-buddy.netlify.app

> Pointers: <br>
    1. setTimeout() / clearTimeout <br>
    2. localStorage

## 11. Navbar
![navbar](https://i.ibb.co/WD6S202/navbar.png)
* see this app in action: https://tester-navbar.netlify.app

> Pointers: <br>
    1. useRef() <br>
    2. getBoundingClientRect()

## 12. Sidebar Modal
![navbar](https://i.ibb.co/WD6S202/navbar.png)
* see this app in action: https://tester-sidebar-modal.netlify.app

> Pointers: <br>
    1. useContext <br>
    2. useContent custom hooks (! must include use... ex. useGlobalContext)

## 13. Popup Submenus
![submenus](https://i.ibb.co/9nmxT0X/stripe.png)
* see this app in action: https://tester-stripe.netlify.app

> Pointers: <br>
    1. getBoundingClientRect() <br>
    2. e.target.classList.contains("thisclass") <br>
    3. onMouseOver <br> 
    4. useContext 5. useRef

## 14. Cart
![cart](https://i.ibb.co/xDwPdvt/cart.png)
* see this app in action: https://tester-cart.netlify.app

> Pointers: <br>
    1. useReducer() & useContext() <br>
    2. map(), filter() & reduce() <br>
    3. fetch()

## 15. Cocktails
![cocktails](https://i.ibb.co/HtGPYX1/cocktails.png)
* see this app in action: https://tester-cocktails.netlify.app

> Pointers: <br>
    1. routes with (react-router-dom) <br> 
    2. uncontrolled input (useRef()) <br>
    3. useParams() and useLocation() from "react-router-dom" <br>
    4. useCallback() <br>
    5. fetch()

## 16. Markdown Preview
![markdown](https://i.ibb.co/CHgyt9k/markdown-preview.png)
* see this app in action: https://tester-markdown-preview.netlify.app

> Pointers: <br>
    1. controlled input <br>
    2. React-Markdown 

## 17. Random Person
![random person](https://i.ibb.co/wzY5Z66/random-user.png)
* see this app in action: https://tester-random-user.netlify.app

> Pointers: <br>
    1. e.target.classList.contains("icon") <br>
    2. data-<name> + e.target.dataset.<name> <br>
    3. *access values from object dynamically -> person["string_here"]

## 18. Pagination
![random person](https://i.ibb.co/w0Gs1gT/pagination.png)
* see this app in action: https://tester-pagination.netlify.app

> Pointers: <br>
    1. custom fetch function => **useFetch()** <br>
    2. Array.from({ length: NUMBER }, (_ , index) => {}) <br>
    3. Math.ceil / Array.splice(start, end) <br>
    4. prev and next logic

https://i.ibb.co/Ns8kNyB/stock-photos.png
https://i.ibb.co/0syFR30/quiz.png
https://i.ibb.co/6wfKMLj/moviedb.png
https://i.ibb.co/Y0hm3HH/hacker-news.png
https://i.ibb.co/5j27CT1/dark-mode.png
https://i.ibb.co/PTC7FmM/122551328-827671727987000-3253431235894150343-n.jpg

Commit message:

stock photos => stock photos API client_id + fetch images

README.md, after:

# mini-app-projects:
> A collection of mini app projects that I've completed through a course.

## 1. Birthday-Reminder
![Birth-Reminder](https://i.ibb.co/J5nS8JY/birthday-reminder.png)
> a simple app that remind user the upcoming birthdays!
* see this app in action: https://tester-reminderbirthday.netlify.app/

## 2. Tours
![Tours](https://i.ibb.co/dkYy7yc/tour.png)
>a simple travel guide tool ...
* see this app in action: https://tester-tour.netlify.app

## 3. Previews
![Previews](https://i.ibb.co/4RP2WQn/reviews.png)
>...click back and forward buttons to show the next candidate's profile. *minor bug with the container
* see this app in action: https://tester-reviews.netlify.app

## 4. Accordion
![Accordion](https://i.ibb.co/rwfSFbq/accordion.png)
>...show and hide texts.
* see this app in action: https://tester-accordion.netlify.app

## 5. Menu
![Menu](https://i.ibb.co/L8wyVtM/menu.png)
>
* see this app in action: https://tester-menu.netlify.app/

## 6. Tabs
![Tabs](https://i.ibb.co/ygcybXS/tabs.png)
>
* see this app in action: https://tester-tabs.netlify.app

## 7. Slider
![Slider](https://i.ibb.co/pQZSLgc/reviews-slider.png)
>
* see this app in action: https://tester-sliderv2.netlify.app/

## 8. Lorem Ipsum Generator
![Lorem-Ipsum](https://i.ibb.co/yFH1451/lorem-ipsum.png)
* see this app in action: https://tester-dummytext-generator.netlify.app/

> Pointers: <br>
    1. slice <br>
    2. min/max if statement


## 9. Color Tint/Shades Generator
![Color-Generator](https://i.ibb.co/mHBWFPn/color-tints-shades.png)
* see this app in action: https://tester-tintnshades-generator.netlify.app

> Pointers: <br>
    1. npm package -> "values.js" <br>
    2. navigator.clipboard.writeText(value);

## 10. Grocery Buddy
![grocery-bud](https://i.ibb.co/3MFMYsH/grocery-buddy.png)
* see this app in action: https://tester-grocery-buddy.netlify.app

> Pointers: <br>
    1. setTimeout() / clearTimeout <br>
    2. localStorage

## 11. Navbar
![navbar](https://i.ibb.co/WD6S202/navbar.png)
* see this app in action: https://tester-navbar.netlify.app

> Pointers: <br>
    1. useRef() <br>
    2. getBoundingClientRect()

## 12. Sidebar Modal
![navbar](https://i.ibb.co/WD6S202/navbar.png)
* see this app in action: https://tester-sidebar-modal.netlify.app

> Pointers: <br>
    1. useContext <br>
    2. useContent custom hooks (! must include use... ex. useGlobalContext)

## 13. Popup Submenus
![submenus](https://i.ibb.co/9nmxT0X/stripe.png)
* see this app in action: https://tester-stripe.netlify.app

> Pointers: <br>
    1. getBoundingClientRect() <br>
    2. e.target.classList.contains("thisclass") <br>
    3. onMouseOver <br> 
    4. useContext 5. useRef

## 14. Cart
![cart](https://i.ibb.co/xDwPdvt/cart.png)
* see this app in action: https://tester-cart.netlify.app

> Pointers: <br>
    1. useReducer() & useContext() <br>
    2. map(), filter() & reduce() <br>
    3. fetch()

## 15. Cocktails
![cocktails](https://i.ibb.co/HtGPYX1/cocktails.png)
* see this app in action: https://tester-cocktails.netlify.app

> Pointers: <br>
    1. routes with (react-router-dom) <br> 
    2. uncontrolled input (useRef()) <br>
    3. useParams() and useLocation() from "react-router-dom" <br>
    4. useCallback() <br>
    5. fetch()

## 16. Markdown Preview
![markdown](https://i.ibb.co/CHgyt9k/markdown-preview.png)
* see this app in action: https://tester-markdown-preview.netlify.app

> Pointers: <br>
    1. controlled input <br>
    2. React-Markdown 

## 17. Random Person
![random person](https://i.ibb.co/wzY5Z66/random-user.png)
* see this app in action: https://tester-random-user.netlify.app

> Pointers: <br>
    1. e.target.classList.contains("icon") <br>
    2. data-<name> + e.target.dataset.<name> <br>
    3. *access values from object dynamically -> person["string_here"]

## 18. Pagination
![pagination](https://i.ibb.co/w0Gs1gT/pagination.png)
* see this app in action: https://tester-pagination.netlify.app

> Pointers: <br>
    1. custom fetch function => **useFetch()** <br>
    2. Array.from({ length: NUMBER }, (_ , index) => {}) <br>
    3. Math.ceil / Array.splice(start, end) <br>
    4. prev and next logic

## 19. Stock Photos
![stock photos](https://i.ibb.co/Ns8kNyB/stock-photos.png)
* see this app in action: https://tester-stock-photos.netlify.app

> Pointers: <br>
    1. REACT_APP_CLIENT_ID (.env) <br>
    2. 


https://i.ibb.co/0syFR30/quiz.png
https://i.ibb.co/6wfKMLj/moviedb.png
https://i.ibb.co/Y0hm3HH/hacker-news.png
https://i.ibb.co/5j27CT1/dark-mode.png
https://i.ibb.co/PTC7FmM/122551328-827671727987000-3253431235894150343-n.jpg
